# Notes week 9

Notetaker: Robert Melika

## What happened on this weeks' TA meeting

- It was the last meeting
- Final discussion
- How does it look regarding our progess

### Q&A with TA

#### **Questions from the group**

**Q**: What is the deadline for everything?

**A**: April 9 midnight we have to have everything submitted - presentation, documentation, source files (on gitlab master branch), design documents.

**Q**: Having the design document on the repository?

**A**: Useful but not necessary

**Q**: What's gonna happen on the presentation?

**A**: Other groups will be our audience, they can ask questions

**Q**: How will the presentation be conducted?

**A**: The prerecorded videos will be played, other groups can ask questions

**Q**: On what platform will the presentations take place?

**A**: Probably zoom or teams, TBA

**Q**: When will our presentation take place?

**A**: Thursday

**Q**: Should we submit the code on Brightspace?

**A**: No, whatever is in the repository will be graded

**Q**: How big a role do issues play?

**A**: not that big, mainly contribution is considered - how big of a part have you done

**Q**: Can you send the stats for our group?

**A**: Yes

**Q**: How does it look, what does it mean?

**A**: it doesn't look so good contribution distribution wise, as it was mentioned what is not in master is like it doesn't exist

**Q**: How does it look on dev?

**A**: It looks like the people that have had the notification have picked up the slack

#### **Questions from the TA**

**Q**: Please give us (course) some feedback (either verbally - now - or in written platform)

`left out to respect group members' privacy`

## What needs to be done for the final presentation

- HCI - Everyone
- Final code review, potentially fixes
- Finish presentation slides
- Finish presentation video

## What's happening during the final presentation

- Our final presentation video will be played

- We may receive questions from other groups

- We will watch other presentation videos

## What happened on previous meetings

Week 1 - First meeting. General meet and greet + a bit of insight on the project.

Week 2 - Our first meeting with the CTA. Collecting information and requirements for the project.

Week 3 - Code of conduct review with the TA. Backlog/requirements update from the CTA.

Week 4 - Discussion of the next step, making the UI. Using JavaFX to create a start of the UI as UI is expected to take longer

Week 5 - Main discussion points where the advantages/disadvantages of Scene Builder compared to creating  the UI programmatically and ways to implement resizing

Week 6 - Last meeting with the CTA leading to some clarifications about the project. TA gave feedback on our design document draft, and inquired to course staff about a possible second draft. A second draft is not allowed

Week 7 - Discussed with the TA about our progress as a lot of features were implemented. The TA gave feedback and told us what to focus on next.

Week 8 - There was a discussion regarding how to present our project to the other group for the HCI assignment, screenshots should be enough. Regarding the repo crawl commit situation - the group member that were affected should choose 2 issues that they will (or think they will) work on and inform the TA. The TA also gave us his thoughts on our progress.