**What went well**

*	Everyone completed their assigned work, or tried to complete it
*	Namely the followings were completed / enhanced:
*	Upvoting system
*	IP Banning
*	Many tests both server and client side
*	Condensed view for moderators (not 100% finished)
*	Feedback slider for the lecturer
*	Finished up the design documents as far as possible

  

**What could have gone better**

* We are yet to discuss our UI with group 65, we did have contact though and made an appointment
* Dragosh absent during a meeting on saturday

**What are we doing now**

*	We will try to do HCI with group 65 upcoming week
*	More issues from the backlog will be tackled in the coming weeks 